year,relatedTo366 days,Data
year,relatedToHoly Year,Data
year,relatedToOlympiad,Data
year,relatedToSaint Martin's summer,Data
year,relatedToChristian year,Data
year,relatedToNew Year,Data
year,relatedToGolden Age,Data
year,relatedToIndian summer,Data
year,relatedTo365 days,Data
year,relatedToPlatonic year,Data
year,relatedTo366 days,Data
year,relatedToHoly Year,Data
year,relatedToOlympiad,Data
year,relatedToSaint Martin's summer,Data
year,relatedToChristian year,Data
year,relatedToNew Year,Data
year,relatedToGolden Age,Data
year,relatedToIndian summer,Data
year,relatedTo365 days,Data
year,relatedToPlatonic year,Data
year,relatedTo366 days,Data
year,relatedToHoly Year,Data
year,relatedToOlympiad,Data
year,relatedToSaint Martin's summer,Data
year,relatedToChristian year,Data
year,relatedToNew Year,Data
year,relatedToGolden Age,Data
year,relatedToIndian summer,Data
year,relatedTo365 days,Data
year,relatedToPlatonic year,Data
year,relatedTo366 days,Data
year,relatedToHoly Year,Data
year,relatedToOlympiad,Data
year,relatedToSaint Martin's summer,Data
year,relatedToChristian year,Data
year,relatedToNew Year,Data
year,relatedToGolden Age,Data
year,relatedToIndian summer,Data
year,relatedTo365 days,Data
year,relatedToPlatonic year,Data
year,relatedTo366 days,Data
year,relatedToHoly Year,Data
year,relatedToOlympiad,Data
year,relatedToSaint Martin's summer,Data
year,relatedToChristian year,Data
year,relatedToNew Year,Data
year,relatedToGolden Age,Data
year,relatedToIndian summer,Data
year,relatedTo365 days,Data
year,relatedToPlatonic year,Data
